Change view transitions rule (#9991)
withastro/astro: .changeset/wild-singers-turn.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Change behavior of View Transitions when browser back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increases compatibility with standard browser behavior by changing where view transitions occur  on browser back navigation.  
```
